add description and examples for `const` keyword (#107)
Intelligence-AI/learnjsonschema.com: content/2020-12/validation/const.markdown

  - vocabulary: validation
    keyword: type
---

> The `const` keyword in JSON Schema restricts a property value to a single, specific constant, applicable to any data type, including null. Its usage is functionally similar to an `enum` with a single value. Instances validate successfully only if their property value precisely matches the specified constant.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `const` keyword in restricts an instance to a specific value. Its usage is functionally similar to an `enum` with a single value. Instances validate successfully only if their property value deeply matches the specified constant.
```

Saying "property value" sounds confusing, as it's not just about objects? Also adjusted grammar a bit

* Applies to various JSON data types, including numbers, strings, booleans, objects, and arrays.
* Takes precedence over other validation keywords like `type` and `enum`.

## Examples

{{<schema `Schema with a specific string value`>}}
{
  "$schema": "https://json-schema.org/draft/2020-12/schema",
  "const": "hello"
}
{{</schema>}}

{{<instance-pass `An instance matching the const value is valid`>}}
"hello"
{{</instance-pass>}}

{{<instance-fail `An instance not matching the const value is invalid.`>}}
"world"
{{</instance-fail>}}

{{<schema `Schema with a specific number value`>}}
{
  "$schema": "https://json-schema.org/draft/2020-12/schema",
  "const": 3.14159
}
{{</schema>}}

{{<instance-pass `An instance matching the const value is valid`>}}
3.14159
{{</instance-pass>}}

{{<instance-fail `An instance not matching the const value is invalid.`>}}
"pi"
{{</instance-fail>}}

{{<schema `Schema with a fixed object structure`>}}
{
  "$schema": "https://json-schema.org/draft/2020-12/schema",
  "type": "object",

>   "properties": {

Reviewer: Similar to `enum`, if using `const`, you should not be declaring any other validation properties. In this case, we should get rid of both `type` and `properties`, as `const` will take precedence over them.

Maybe you can even explain this best practice like you did with `enum`?
